Don't touch her!
Close.
Everyone, the press conference is over.
Thank you for your time.
What the hell are you doing, Clark?
Ladies and gentlemen, we appreciate your understanding.
Mr. Kaville will take further questions at a later time.
What the fuck?
This is amazing.
Are you trying to ruin your career?
If they go digging into our pattern.
Since when you care about my career,
I thought you only cared about finding a rich guy.
It still hurts to think about you now.
The way you just did to be that jerk!
Clark, I...
You played me for years.
From high school to college.
I guess you really are just a gold digger.
Yes.
Please.
Clark, let me go.
I've been waiting a long time for this.
Lois, I am not letting you get away this time.